Metadata

Pedon_ID - Pedon identifier that allows linkage back to the PDF field sheet. Not unique. 	
UTM_ID	- Unique identifier created from joining the northing and easting coordinates. 
H_number - Sequential horizon numbering. 	
Horizon	- Horizon nomenclature 
topDepth_cm - top of the horizon in centimeters. 
bottomDepth_cm	- bottom of the horizon in centimetes
dry_color- the color of the dry soil, using munsell soil color book 
moist_color	- the color of the moist soil, using munsell soil color book 
texture- The makeup of the soil, includes the portions of sand, silt, and clay. This is determined using the soil textural triangle
text_modifier- The percentage of rocks in the soil matrix, can be gravelly, cobbly, stony,boluderly, channery, or flaggy. 	
clay - how much clay is in the horizon in percentage, in correlation with the soil texture triangle
sand- how much sand is in the horizon in percentage, in correlation with the soil texture  triangle
RF	- Rock Fragments. how many rocks total are in a horizon in percentage
Gravel	- rocks greater than 2 mm in size but less than 64 mm
Cobbles	- rocks between 64 mm and 256 mm
Stones	- rocks greater than 256 mm
structure	- how the soil particle are assembled. 
dry_cons	- dry_consistence. how hard is it to break the soil dry
moist_cons	- mosit consistence. how hard is it to break the soil moist
stickiness	- how sticky is the soil, how the soil adheres to other objects
plasticity	- how plasticity is the soil; how deformed it can get without breaking.
roots	- quantity, size, and location of the roots in each horizon
pores - pores are air/water filled voids in soil. They are described with quantity, size, and shape	
pH	- pH value of the soil. Measure in the labs
EC	- electrical conductivity of the soil. Measure in the lab
Eff. - Effervescence. The reponse of HCl in the form of gasous bubbles. It is used to test for carbonates 
Boundary - The distinctness and topography of the horizons 
CaCO3_meas - Calcium Carbonates measured in the lab	
Gyp_meas - Gypsic measured in the lab
CaCO3_vis - Visible Calcium Carbonates described in the horizon
Gyp_vis	- Visible Gysum described in the horizon
concent_kind_.	- accumulation of material during pedogenesis. Described kind, quantity, size, contrast, color, moisture state, shape, location, hardness, and boundary
pv_kind	- ped and void kind. The type of coats/films, hypocoats, or stress features 
pv_. - ped and void percentage. the percentage of the pv_kind	
pv_distinct - ped and void distinctness. the relative extent to which a ped surface feature visuallly stands out
pv_location	-ped and void location. where the features occurs within the horizon 
notes- information that was not included in the colums above, but were written on the field sheet

All horizon codes taken from: 
Schoeneberger, P.J., D.A. Wysocki, E.C. Benham, and Soil Survey Staff. 2012. Field book for describing and sampling soils, Version 3.0. Natural Resources Conservation Service, National Soil Survey Center, Lincoln, NE. 


